Billboard prop for Scatterplot layer (#5956)
visgl/deck.gl: docs/api-reference/layers/scatterplot-layer.md

The maximum line width in pixels. This prop can be used to prevent the path from getting too thick when zoomed in.

##### `billboard` (Boolean, optional)

- Default: `false`

> If on, the circle always faces the camera. Otherwise the circle faces up (z)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, rendered circles always face the camera. If `false` circles face up (i.e. are parallel with the ground plane).
```
